Dev2 (#78)
nf-core/hicar: docs/usage.md

In downstream, differential analysis available for called interactions. Available tools are Bioconductor packages such as `edgeR`, and `diffhic`, and [`HiCExplorer`](https://hicexplorer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). We borrowed capture Hi-C analysis pipeline from HiCExplorer to do the differential analysis. Different from `edgeR` and `diffhic` pipeline, HiCExplorer pipeline does not require the replicates. A simple differential analysis by set operation are also available.

> For annotation, we will use Bioconductor package [`ChIPpeakAnno`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/ChIPpeakAnno/). Please note that, the involved genes are not only distance based annotation. The most of the interaction calling tools are bin-based caller, and the bin size are kilo-base or even more, which make the annotation difficult. For HiCAR data, the R2 reads are Tn5 insertion site of the open chromatin. And the most of the R2 reads will be a anchor of annotion for the gene promoters. We will annotate the interactions by the annotation of called ATAC (R2) peaks located within the interaction regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For annotation, we will use Bioconductor package [`ChIPpeakAnno`](https://bioconductor.org/packages/ChIPpeakAnno/). Please note that, the involved genes are not only distance based annotation. The most of the interaction calling tools are bin-based caller, and the bin size are kilo-base or even more, which make the annotation difficult. For HiCAR data, the R2 reads are Tn5 insertion site of the open chromatin. And most of the R2 reads will be an anchor of annotion for the gene promoters. We will annotate the interactions by the annotation of called ATAC (R2) peaks located within the interaction regions.
```

### Call high resolution interactions

> The high resolution interaction caller are also available for confident transcription factor enrichment analysis. However, please note that the high resolution interaction caller are not bin-based but peak based analysis, which ask high computational resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The high resolution interaction caller is also available for confident transcription factor enrichment analysis. However, please note that the high resolution interaction caller are not bin-based but peak based analysis, which uses high computational resources.
```

    (empty)
```

#### For beginners

> A first step to bypass this error, you could try to increase the amount of CPUs, memory, and time for the whole pipeline. Therefor you can try to increase the resource for the parameters `--max_cpus`, `--max_memory`, and `--max_time`. Based on the error above, you have to increase the amount of memory. Therefore you can go to the [parameter documentation of hiar](https://nf-co.re/hicar/1.0.0/parameters) and scroll down to the `show hidden parameter` button to get the default value for `--max_memory`. In this case 128GB, you than can try to run your pipeline again with `--max_memory 200GB -resume` to skip all process, that were already calculated. If you can not increase the resource of the complete pipeline, you can try to adapt the resource for a single process as mentioned below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A first step to bypass this error, you could try to increase the amount of CPUs, memory, and time for the whole pipeline is allowed to access. Therefore you can try to increase the resource limits for the parameters `--max_cpus`, `--max_memory`, and `--max_time`. Based on the error above, you have to increase the amount of memory. Therefore you can go to the [parameter documentation of hiar](https://nf-co.re/hicar/1.0.0/parameters) and scroll down to the `show hidden parameter` button to get the default value for `--max_memory`. In this case 128GB, you than can try to run your pipeline again with `--max_memory 200GB -resume` to skip all processes that were already completed. If you cannot increase the resource of the complete pipeline, you can try to adapt the resource for a single process as mentioned below.
```

#### Advanced option on process level

> To bypass this error you would need to find exactly which resources are set by the `MAPS_CUT` process. The quickest way is to search for `process MAPS_CUT` in the [nf-core/hicar Github repo](https://github.com/nf-core/hicar/search?q=process+MAPS_CUT).

Reviewer: You can also refer to: https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/configuration#tuning-workflow-resources insead

Author: add this to beginner section.

If you are using [Juicer_tools](https://github.com/aidenlab/juicer/wiki/) with GPU supported, it is not supported by the containers. We are using [Juicer Tools Pre](https://github.com/aidenlab/juicer/wiki/Pre) to create the [hic files](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cels.2016.07.002) from aligned HiCAR reads.
We recommend having at least 4GB free RAM to generate the hic files.

### Tips for HPC Users

When using an HPC system you should specify the executor matching your system. Check [available executors](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/executor.html) to use the correct executor and parameters.
This instructs Nextflow to submit pipeline tasks as jobs into your HPC workload manager.
Take SLURM workload manager system as an example for the minimal test, this can be done adding the following lines to the `nextflow.config`.

```nextflow
process.executor = 'slurm' // the workload manager name
process.queueSize = 10 // the job queue size
process.clusterOptions = "-J nextFlowHiCAR -p scavenger" // the options, here -p request a specific partition for the resource allocation. It will be different in your cluster.

> ```

Reviewer: You should again leave this to nf-core level documentation: https://nf-co.re/docs/usage/configuration#tuning-workflow-resources
